it took six seasons in Major League
Baseball with the San Francisco Giants
before Kevin Correia put on his hometown
Jersey and took the mound at petco park
as a Padre he go I pitched there in the
past obviously but it wasn't for the
Padres and growing up rooting for our
team you know it's kind of hard to pitch
against them in the division and you
can't really root for him so you know to
put on the uniform and actually try to
help the team win it it's something I've
been looking forward to do since you
know I knew I wanted to play baseball
out on strikes ray began this season as
the number four starter but by mid-june
four of the five starting pitchers from
the Padres opening roster or on the
disabled list and Correa rose to the top
the rotation looks a lot different than
what we thought it would be but it's
helped me take on a role of more of a
leadership role and I think it's helped
my pitching knowing that you have to go
out there and you got to be the guy
that's going to be kind of the
foundation for now you know tell these
some of these guys get healthy and you
know you're the guy that needs to kind
of write the ship if things aren't going
well the last few games and I think
that's helped me progress a lot in the
past I've always kind of been the back
of the end guy with the Giants or when I
got here but you know I know I feel like
I can pitch with some of these guys that
are one number one and number two
starters extra an effort by killing
cranium Ace or not chemic raise after
getting it done okay just because he's a
confident ace now doesn't mean his
demeanor has changed one bit from his
socal upbringing just ask his agent for
Springfield he's a very free-flowing guy
he can get rattled sometimes and you'll
see it on the field but i love it i love
when he shows emotion and but he tries
to keep that to a minimum he's a very
even-keeled it's been great for up for
me growing up with just seeing how he
handles things he's able to he's able to
handle pressure like very few can
Springfield knows correia not only as
his agent the to of known each other
since they were kids we played baseball
together his dad was our coach when we
were you know 13 years old I remember
the first game i ever met him it was at
our first game you shut you never went
to practice when we were little he
struck out three or four times and he
wanted to quit my dad had to talk with
him and said hey no come back so since
that day we became real close and he
became really good and so we were just
tight that we were surfing a lot and we
started surfing and we'd come down here
almost every day no one's he got his
license before me we'd be down here
every morning when the Sun came up lived
out in east county would get up at four
thirty in the morning trek about a mile
and a half to the trolley take the
trolley do a bus stop grab the bus out
here get out here by six thirty you know
to our track and we learned a lot about
each other just growing up once we got
to college he went off and you know did
his thing got a lot of green he's one of
the smartest people i knew and you know
i was kind of at a point with baseball
where if you're gonna have an agent why
not have it be someone you trust one of
your best friends and one of the
smartest people you know so the timing
worked out really well korea maybe
Springfield's first major league client
but he learned under one of the best top
baseball agent Barry Axelrod coming in
under Barry was a real eye-opening
experience on how to talk to people who
in the business business to get to know
and being local it's just been awesome
and then you know having Kevin involved
he's mentored me through this process
he's helped us on some things and he's
continuing to help to help us so it's
been a great relationship from surfing
to the business of baseball Quran
Springfield have made names for each
other ones like their friendship that
are here to stay
you